[project-base] improved frontend performance (#703)
shopsys/shopsys: UPGRADE.md

    - modify your Redis configuration (`app/config/packages/snc_redis.yml`) by prefixing all the prefix values with the value of the env variable (`%env(REDIS_PREFIX)%`)
- [#679 webserver container starts after php-fpm is started](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/679)
    - add `depends_on: php-fpm` into `webserver` service of your `docker-compose.yml` file so webserver will not fail on error `host not found in upstream php-fpm:9000`
- *(optional)* [#703 improved frontend performace](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/703)

>     - in your `base.html.twig` template move non-essential javascript files at the bottom of a page.

Reviewer: OK, maybe if this is just optional we do not need to list essential and non-essential javascript files

    We cannot provide exact instructions as we don't know your implementation.

>     For an example take a look at [changes](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/703/files#diff-4c948fb55a9ceba2f3070e572ac506f3)

Reviewer: please check whether the hash will work after fixups will be squashed

    - you can use new simplified jquery-ui.min.js file

>     - please be aware, that if your implementation use more component from jQueryUI, you have to be extra careful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - please be aware that if your implementation uses more components from jQueryUI, you have to be extra careful
```
